-- Session Starts Here -- 
We are back at he headquarters, after having finished the job at Stillwater Estate.
We get a notification, nee a summoned to Pituffik Space Base in Greenland.
There was a sudden loss of communication during a dangerous polar storm. It seems vital systems are now unresponsive.
Personnel have also go silent.
We are requested to restore contact, secure any sensitive data, and extract survivors if necessary.
We don’t get much intel form Katja, we don’t even know what the purpose of the base is for.
We gather up our gear – for cold weather – we board a federal plane to head to the arctic north.
When we land and start to deplane, we are approached by two individuals – David Han and Maren Torres.
David speaks up and says that a few days ago the base lost contact with site Polaris. Han says there is a waiting all-terrain vehicle waiting to take us as far as conditions allow.
He irritates that we are to restore contact, secure any sensitive data, and extract survivors.
We can tell that at least Han is Airforce.
Torres, who is wearing a DoD patch, speaks up then and says that site Polaris is a single structure building. She says we need to prioritize server core and data as “Washington will want that data”.
We ask, but neither Torres nor Han know what experiments the team at site Polaris was doing.
Upon entering into Pitufflk base, Ezra starts researching. The first thing he finds is that 20 temporary research staff arrived 48 hours ago.
The nature of who was brought, the 20 temps, immediately makes want Ezra to start looking at the latest travel manifests to see who these people are and where they came from.
Looking at the flight records, Ezra finds there hasn’t been a lot of incoming traffic until very recently. Particularly – there hasn’t been traffic, resupply records, etc to site Polaris until just recently – though it appears the structure has been there for awhile.
Looking over the supply Ezra finds some anomalies, it seems for site Polaris some HVAC and aerosol rated filters were requisitions under general maintenance.
Poking around more, Ezra finds a personnel log for the 20 temporary researchers …
Dr. Valerie Ng — NIH researcher
Special Agent Kira Boyd — FBI
Lt. Alan Devereux — Coast Guard
Samuel Keener — DoJ antitrust lawyer
Officer Rebecca Yost — Federal corrections
Dr. Jonas Hale — CDC behavioral analyst
Aiden McCall — Treasury auditor
Dr. Priya Deshmukh — USDA food scientist
Sgt. Peter Thorne — Army MP
Diana Collier — Diplomatic security
Matthew Cole — FAA inspector
Norma Ruiz — Federal housing regulator
Louis Tran — NOAA technician
Dr. Sanaa Okoye — Academic grant evaluator
Dr. Tomoko Ishida — DARPA contractor
Patricia Hsu — Postal inspector
Connor Bell — USGS surveyor
Leon Ward — IRS collections
Mara Steele — Park ranger
Neil Garrison — Federal court clerk
Not finding much else, we head out to site Polaris.
When we approach the building, the doors are closed, but unlocked. So, we cautiously enter.
Upon entering the vehicle bay, we immediately see a dead body near the entrance.
The body is that of a woman, and she appears to be a cop.
Searching the body, we learn it is Officer Rebecca Yost (Federal Corrections).  We also don’t see any trauma to the body. Her holster is also empty.
Nico takes a closer look at Yost’s body and it seems she suffocated – there are deep bruises around her neck – most likely caused by hands.
The power to the site still appears to be functional.
Still looking around the vehicle bay, we find another dead body – this one has blunt trauma, and penetrating wounds.
Searching the body, Nico sees that it is FAA Inspector Matthew Cole.
Judging by the blood oxidation, etc – Nico guess the two bodies, we have found so far, died within the last 48 hours.
Continuing to look around, Nico finds two more dead bodies in a room off to the side of the vehicle bay. Along with one guy standing near the back of the room.
The dead body closest to the door doesn’t seem to have any trauma.  The second dead body looks to have been beaten with a heavy metal object.
The man standing – is holding a crowbar and a bloody knife on his hip – and looks to be trying to pry a power coupling from a power source/generator.
 Nico calls out to the guy, which startles the armed man, and tells him to stop what he is doing.
The man screams and charges towards Nico.
We enter combat.
We make short work of the man – turns out to be Aiden McCall, Treasury Auditor.  Nico stabilizes his injuries.
With the scuffle done, we go back to the other two dead bodies. One is Leon Ward the IRS Collector and the other is Dr. Jonas Hale a CDC Behavioral Analyst.
We go back to the utilities control room where Aiden was trying to pry the power coupler off the generator, but don’t find anything – though we are perplexed as to why he was trying to do that.
Using security, Jordan is able to find a full map layout of the site. And able to get us an uplink – connecting us to outside networks.
Looking at some of the info and intel in the computers, and based on what he has seen, Ezra is starting to piece together this is all a man-induced setup/experiment.
While Ezra and Jordan and working with he computers, Nico and Asher move further into he site.
As they approach the far end of the bay, they can hear rustling coming from behind a door. Which leads Nico to approach the door. It is locked so Nico says for the person behind the door to open it.
Asher, moving slightly past Nico, sees a knife wielding woman and she looks quite craze. Prompting Asher to her to drop the knife.
Suddenly a woman opens the door in front of Nico.  She is startled at first, but frantically starts talking about how Nico must be contaminated and needs to get into the medical and quarantine bay with her to get decontaminated.
At that moment – the knife wielding woman charges at Asher.
Asher and Nico enter into combat with the knife wielding woman and it the woman in the medical bay – who rushes Nico with a scalpel while Nico was turned and facing the other woman with the knife.
With the fighting going – Jordan and Donovan start running toward the fight.
Ezra opts to stay at the computer to dig around more.  He finds some engineering work orders and a couple of files stating access to the HVAC systems upgrades is restricted to outside contractors.
Asher and Nico handle the two women – incapacitating them.
Looking over their IDs – they are Park Ranger Mara Steele who wielded the knife, and Patricia Hsu the Postal Inspector.
Donovan sweeping the area also finds the bodies of Samuel Keener the DoJ Antitrust Lawyer and Connor Bell a USGS Surveyor.  Keener was crushed to death and Bell was beaten to death.
Not finding any more info in the computer, Ezra leaves the computer terminal and heads north to the others.
As Ezra joins Jordan – he suddenly is attacked from behind in a man in military uniform.
We enter combat again – with another woman joining the fight against us.
After some good shots – we are able to quickly deal with these 2 new threats.
We check their names and they are Lt. Alan Devereux of the Coast Guard. And Special Agent Kira Boyd of the FBI.
We continue exploring, entering the assembling hall – we coming upon a couple more bodies.
One woman has numerous injuries and is near the stage – this is Dr. Valerie Ng an NIH Researcher.
The other woman is in the seats with no visible signs of injure – this is Dr. Priya Deshmukh a USDA Food Scientist.
Also in the assembly hall, we find a computer at a log in page with the cursor flashing.
Ezra figures out the log in – but the computer has nothing useful on it.
We come to an area with a door to the north, and one to the south. The northern door leads to the galley. The southern door leads to a quartet of barrack rooms.
We opt to take this root because it will get us to the server room quicker.
In one of the barracks, we find Diana Collier the Diplomatic Security.
Finding nothing else, we continue on to a section where the tunnels split a few directions.
Down to the south, we see a man feverishly working – messing with security cameras.
He spots us and yells to watch out  and keep out of site of the cameras or “they will kill you”.
Asher asks – if he meant the camera’s will kill us … but the man said no the people who are watching them.
He seems hyper focused on “fixing” the cameras, and not posing harm to us, we let him be for now telling him we will be back to get him soon.
He says ok and we move on to where the server room is.
Arriving at the server room door – we find it locked.
We are able to get the lock open and Donovan leads the way into he room.
Immediately Donovan’s dog is hit with a hammer by a man in the room – who appears to be protecting the computer terminal in the room.
We again enter into combat.
With one good shot from Asher’s AR15, the man, who is Dr. Tomoko Ishida a DARPA contractor, drops dead.
But a bullet from the gun ricochets and damages part of the servers – making our job a little more challenging.
Ezra steps up to the terminal in the server room to start trying to retrieve the data.
Meanwhile – the others go off to explore more.
 In a room next to the server room, Asher and Jordan find Norma Ruiz, the Federal Housing Regulator, fixated on shredding stacks of blank paper.
They struggle to convince her to leave the stacks of paper, but after she runs out of paper to shred, they are able to convince her to follow them back to the medical bay where we have been gathering some to the victims we had incapacitated along the way.
Back over at Nico, who had hung behind to keep a watch on Luis Tran, the NOAA tech who is still hacking the security camera system, sees Jordan leading Norma to the medial bay.
Nico tries to convince the Luis to go as well, but Luis says he can’t because Neil will seem them.
Jordan though, using a ploy with a cell phone saying it will offer protection from the cameras, convinces Luis to take the phone and head to medical.
Nico and Jordan then another door locked.  They can hear a man behind the door and he refused to come out. Turns out it is Neil Garrison the Federal Court Clerk.
Back over at Ezra, he finds records stating several scheduled tasks to run with the HVAC system that corresponds to when all this started. And it looks like the tasks were programed from somewhere off site.
Shifting to Donovan and his dog Titan, they are explore when the enter into the mess hall.
There they encounter Sgt. Peter Thorne, Army MP – and they enter into combat.
Donovan and Titan are able to easily knock Thorne out.
Back to Ezra, digging deeper he realizes he needs to get to the security room where Neil is locked himself in.
Asher follows along and we meet Jordan who is still trying to convince Neil to come out.
Asher bust down the door and we quickly incapacitate Neil.
Ezra step up to the terminal and learns the camera feeds are being streamed back to Pituffik – particularly to DoD Comms Tech – Maren Torres.
Ezra also finds additional personnel records that shows each person at site Polaris was sent here because they revealed some sort of Government secret or act of corruption – basically caused problems inside various government agencies. So the “staff” was selected as expandable threats to government secrets.
The last thing Ezra finds, linked back to Torres, a checklist – a checklist – a list that is being checked off as we are being tested. A rubric of loyalty.
It was arranged by SIFU (Signals Intelligence Forensics Unit) – to stress-test us.
We are immediately called back to Pituffik where we are told that we were being tested and basically confirmed that we passed and sent back to our home office.
With that we are awarded +1 Temp Income and +1 Government Reputation.
-- Session Ends Here -- 