-- Session Starts Here -- 
    We pick back up knowing we need to go to the trailer park.
    It’s mid-afternoon and we head over to the trailer park. When we arrive, we notice the same run down trailer park with some trailers with blacked out windows.
    We also spot a green AMC Gremlin parked outside a trailer.  We see a young man walk up to a trailer with blacked out window and knock on the door.
    We see the door crack open and a quick exchange of money and substance – without the person in the trailer step out at all.
    We wait a bit and then start trailing the young man in the Gremlin.
    We are able to trail and flag down the Gremlin to talk to the young guy.
    Nico steps up to the car to question the man – wanting to know what the young man bought and from whom.
    Reluctantly, after asking if Ronnie had ratted him out, the young man says he bought a dime bag from someone named Waldy.
    The young man says he has never seen Waldy, just his hand and admit Waldy is quite creepy, but he sells legit and “safe” (i.e. unlaced) marijuana.
    The young man mentions he only trust Waldy because of the couple of deaths over the last year or so because of fentanyl laced dope.
    But he doesn’t know much of anything else about Waldy.
    Now having evidence of drug dealing occurring, we do opt to get a warrant to solidify our presence in questing the trailer park folks.
    Back at the trailer park, Nico and Jordan take lead and walk up to the trailer the young man bought the drugs from.
    Approaching, Nico noticed someone take a quick peek through the black out curtains.
    Jordan knocks on the door and a man cracks open the door – but we not enough to really see anyone.
    The man, in a gravely voice asks why she is there and Jordan says we are there to serve a search warrant for drugs.
    Jordan notices a strange, musky smell coming out of door, but as the sun starts to drop behind the horizon, the door opens up even more and Jordan is now able to see 5 pale, sickly people sitting in the trailer.
    The man pushes back basically saying the law doesn’t come out here for drug warrants – he is doubting why we are out there.
    Now closing in on full evening, shadows growing longer, we start to see other black out curtains opening and doors starting to creaking open.
    Turning back to the gravely voiced man, he offers Jordan to come in, if she must, to confiscate his “measly, sacrificial dime bag”.
    Jordan instead tries to convince the man and his family to step outside instead, so that Jordan can go in and investigate.
    While the conversation back and forth between Joran and the man is occurring, an older woman raises her voice and says “Waldy, she probably here for the boy.  Given him up”. Jordan notices the woman speaks with authority.
    It’s at this point, Waldy admits that Ronnie is in an abandoned school building – a locker room to be exact. Waldy says that he (Ronnie) is “sloppy, so you can have him. We didn’t make him anyway.”
    Nico asks Waldy to elaborate on what Waldy meant by “sloppy”. Waldy basically says that Ronnie sloppily kills people and eludes that he (Waldy) and his people don’t need to kill people like that.
    Waldy says that because Ronnie is “young” he gets over zealous to easily and it being sloppy draws to much attention.
    Waldy then issues a veiled threat of we don’t want their (Waldy and his people) attention.
    Before leaving, Jordan asks Waldy what he meant by “we didn’t make him” and who did.
    Waldy gives a vague answer about having guidelines and rules about making people and if they find out who broke those rules – they will be dealt with accordingly.
    Knowing now that Waldy and his people don’t really harm humans, we know we need to deal with Ronnie.
    And with things looking more and more like this actually is something to do with Vampires, we know we need to act quick to deal with Ronnie.
    We arrive at the school and begin to explore.
    As Asher approaches a room with a large pool, he hears a snarl and hissing sound coming from across the room from under the bleachers.
    We call out for Ronnie to come out – eventually he shows himself – and he looks agitated.
    Jordan overhears on her police radio, the Sheriff has heard through the grapevine that Ronnie is here at the old building and will be here in 30 minutes.
    We opt try to talk Ronnie into coming in with us, know that the Sherriff’s presence will only escalate the violence.
    This enters us into an advanced test – Communication (Persuasion) TN14, with a Threshold of 20.
    After some expensive fortune spending, we are able to convince Ronnie to come with us without any violence.
    We bring him back to our federal agency – which the agency is quite surprised and pleased we were able to do it without bloodshed and violence.
    As a reward – we get a +1 to Negotiation or Empathy-based tests when dealing with supernatural outcasts or those in crisis.  

    End Date: Dec 18, 1999
-- Session Ends Here -- 