-- Session Ends Here -- 
    Start date: Dec 15, 1998
    We pick back up in HQ, receiving a message of a job in Muleshoe, TX.
    The case was passed subcontracted out to us, as the government wanted a private organization to handle it.
    Seems there is a blood drained corpse that has perplexed local authorities. Katjia has told us, no animals, drained of blood, have been uncovered – so that is raising suspicions even more.
    We book a flight to Amarillo, TX and drive a few hours out to Muleshoe.
    We arrive at the sheriff’s office and meet Sheriff Dupree.
    After some small talk with the Sheriff, we ask to see the body and he tells us it is with the local funeral home morgue, as they don’t have a medical examiner.
    Before we leave the Sheriff’s Office, Bertie and Jordan catch a glimpse of a report that has some redaction but can see through the ink the words “bite pattern irregular”.
    As we begin to start splitting off some to explore the town and investigate, on his way to the local library, Ezra catches a mural of two coyotes under a blood moon. More intriguing though – Ezra notices buried in the mural, in the jaws of the coyotes, iconography of a vampiric warding rune. They are subtle and hard to notice, especially if you aren’t looking for them or know what they are.  
    Ezra notes, the iconography is quite out of place for the mural as it’s incorporated rather discreetly.  He also notes it’s very similar to “hobo lore” type iconography – things transients or “people in the know” would put up.
    Jordan stays back at the Sheriff’s office and looks over the victims belongs that have been gathered up.
    Jordan doesn’t notice much, but does notice a strange, shiny, blood looking stain on the edge of the shirt. She also noticed it has a faint smell to it.
    The victims name we learn as well – Dale Conklin.
    Jordan also learns the body was found in a dried-out raven about a mile outside of town.
    We learn Conklin had a minor criminal record (misdemeanors, etc) and was a transient.
    The Sheriff says Conklin didn’t really cause any problems in Muleshoe, and was most likely just moving through town.
    Jordan asks the Sheriff what he, the Sheriff, thought happened to Conklin. The Sheriff says he honestly doesn’t know.
    Not getting much more info from the Sheriff, all the team, save Ezra, head over to the local morgue.
    They are greeted by the overly, chipper mortician – Diana Tully, MD.
    After some small talk, with the rather aloof Diana, she asks if they would like to expect the “wound marks”.
    Nico steps forward – using his medical experience, he can immediately tell the bite marks were made after the heart had already stopped. Meaning Conklin was drained of the blood after initial death.
    While Jordan leans in to examine the body, Diana leans into to Jordan and says “You know, legend says a vampire kiss [bite] puts the hemoglobin into statis” … a rather odd statement to say.
    Jordan also notices a hint of clove on Diana’s breath.
    Jordan asks if Diana has been reading to many vampire stories, to which Diana mentions her love for Anne Rice and her books.
    The team also notices a faint blue, shiny stain of some sort around the edge of Conklin’s gums.
    As a sort of distraction, Asher asks Diana if she would like to go to supper later so he can hear more “… about these Vampire kisses stories”.
    Bertie starts looking at the blue stain on Conklin’s gums. Bertie determines the stain was caused by some dental adhesive – that was holding on some over-the-teeth fake teeth.
    Next Bertie looks at the blood stain. He is able to find traces of medical drug blood thinner in the stain and it was topically applied to the shirt – maybe from a spill?
    Nico and Bertie opt to stay at the funeral home morgue to do a full body examine, while Asher and Jordan head off to the site where the body was found.
    The site is rather unremarkable. Just a simple agricultural trailer park kind of small raven/ditch.
    They also note there is no blood anywhere at the site.
    Not finding much more at the site, Asher and Jordan head over to the trailer park.
    While they are walking to the trailer park, Asher gets three brief texts from Diana. She says, “We have reservations for 7 at the local sizzler.” She also says, “The sizzler is great, because my uncle owns it.” And lastly, she texted, “Also there will be a town hall later tonight at 8pm.”
    When Asher and Jordan arrive at the trailer park, they note it’s a rather shithole of a trailer park – kind of run down.
    Asher also notes – many of the windows in the trailers have blackout curtains.
    Looking even closer, Asher notices a drainpipe that has something that looks like rust. But in looking at it a second time – he notices it looks more like dried blood. He grabs a sample for Bertie to analyze.
    Asher also finds a drawing on a trailer door of creepy smiling people under a dark, starless sky.
    Asher and Jordan, not getting warm vibes from the trailer park, head back to town.
    Ezra not finding much at the library, heads over to meet up with everyone else.
    Back at the morgue, Bertie runs analysis on the sample Asher brought back and Bertie determines the blood type is Type O.  Bertie cross matches this to the blood on Conklin’s shirt, and the blood on the shirt is also Type O.
    We all head to the sizzler so Asher can have his date and the rest of us can chat about what we all learned.
    While at the salad bar, Diana starts asking Asher if he is a cop, or military, etc – she is trying to see who he is really.  Also asking what he, Asher and us, will say at the town hall.
    After eating, we all head to the town hall.
    As the town hall is coming together, and with the Sheriff saying he expects our team to have some comments to make, Jordan, joined by Ezra, step forward to the stage to assure the unsure crowd, we are there to help and answer any question we can.
    While Nico is hanging toward the back of the hall, hears a few people murmuring about something about “… that red-headed boy.”
    Catching his hear with that, Nico listens closer.  It seems three different people, in three different parts of town, at roughly the same time, all claim to have seen this red-headed boy.
    Scanning more, Nico also notices a lanky, man sitting near the back of the crowd. The man has powdery dry skin. And he looks agitated and fidgety in his chair.
    Nico also notes the man’s eyes look glassy, with a shine.
    Nico then notices the man slyly gets up and slips out of the door and into the night.
    Not getting a lot of questions from the town folks, the town hall starts coming to an end and people start trickling out.
    We all gather up with the Sheriff and Nico asks about the fidgety man Nico had seen.
    The Sheriff says he didn’t know who Nico was specifically talking about, but the Sheriff says it was probably one of the bums out in the trailer park.
    The Sheriff says he suspects, but doesn’t have probable cause to act, there is a start up of a drug ring out in the trailer park.
    Jordan asks the Sheriff if any reports had been made by anyone from the trailer park stating they saw anything, but it seems when the Sheriff asked the trailer park residents, all of them said they didn’t see anything.
    The Sheriff basically tells us; he would turn a blind eye if we went there and find proof of what is actually going on – i.e. find proof of the drug ring.  
    Nico then asks the Sheriff about some “red head running around town.” The Sheriff says the town has two redheads in town. Ronnie is a local youth who doesn’t really cause problems per se but can be annoying to the town folks with his skateboarding and sometimes putting up graffiti. And Agnus, a 92-year-old lady.  
    The Sheriff also mentions he believes Ronnie has fallen in with the trailer park drug dealers, working as a drug mule, but the Sheriff admits he doesn’t really have proof of this.
    Ezra asks the Sheriff about the mural on the laundromat and how long it’s been up.  The Sheriff says it’s been up for about three years.  A man named Harold Meyer painted it but has Harold has since passed away and has no family left in town.
    Ezra asks if anyone has worked on the mural since Harold put it up, but the Sheriff says no, only Harold. Harold came back two weeks after the mural was done to do some “touch ups”.
    Not having any more questions for the Sheriff, the Sheriff leaves us to go eat at the sizzler and work (i.e. hinting again he will be turning a blind eye to whatever we are going to do this night).
    Erza heads back to the library and asks if the librarian, Agnus, would be kind enough to reopen the library so Ezra could do more research through town photo records to see the various stages of the mural that was painted.  Ezra is trying to see when the two bits of vampiric iconography was included in the mural.
    Bertie and Nico join Ezra at the library, as Donovan, Jordan, and Asher head to the hotel to sleep.
    After all night of searching, Ezra confirms, the iconography was after the original mural was painted – but uncertain as to who added or exactly when.
    Ezra also asks Agnus some vague questions to see if she knew of any other similar deaths to Conklin’s without giving away what actually happened to Conklin.
    After much yapping by Agnus – Ezra comes up with nothing. No trends he can determine.
    Now late afternoon, Nico and Bertie leave to meet up with the others. Ezra heads to the motel to sleep.
    Nico opts to go look for Ronnie, so he heads to Ronnie’s parent’s house. It turns out, Ronnie’s parents haven’t seen him in couple days now – he is missing. So, they have reached out to the Sheriff to start a Missing Persons report.
    Nico asks if he could look around in Ronnie’s room to see if he can find some clues that might help locate Ronnie.
    His parents allow Nico to look around. Nico finds in Ronnie’s room some interesting comics – two cartons of comics. One is a mix of comic genres, but one carton contains comics about an old heroic vampire superhero.
    After reading many of the comics, the story is largely positive and redemptive of the “superhero” but doesn’t really mirror in anyway what is happening with Conklin.
    Nico thanks his parents and heads back to the rest of the crew.
    Knowing now that Ronnie is now missing, we know we need to go to the trailer park.  So we need to turn to the local judge to get a search warrant. 

-- Session Ends Here -- 