-- Session Starts Here -- 
We start “Whispers at Stillwater” case.
In the misty backroads of Fiddler’s Green, West Virginia, the Stillwater Estate looms over a glacial lake, its ancient timbers creaking with secrets. Built in 1693 by the Cason family, its long corridors and flickering gas lamps hold an eerie silence. As autumn chills the air and lake mists rise, whispers haunt the halls amid unsettling dreams. Something is stirring at Stillwater, and Ezra Cason’s parents have sent an urgent plea: the house is “acting strangely.”
After a road trip with some ribbing at Ezra’s expense for having a family estate – we arrive at Stillwater in Fiedler’s Green, WV.
We are greeted by Ann and William Cason – Ezra’s parents.
We also meet Esther Vale, the maid of the Stillwater.
Seated in the den, Ezra asks his parents what exactly is going one around the house.
Anne, says that a few nights ago – the lights started flickering. Anne says they have had an electrician come and check the wiring – and it seems all the wiring perfectly ok.
Anne also brings up some scratches on the nursery wall that showed appeared the past summer – they chalked it up to rodent.
Anne also mentions a time, when Ezra was a young boy, about a time Ezra came down into the den, sleepwalking, and speaking in Latin.
Nico asks about the house’s lineage and if any weird things have occurred in the past – William mentions that there is some family history of oddity.  William says that the house was originally built by Elias Par, revivalist preach, who was rumored to “not always speak in the language of God”.
When asked if William knows any more Elias, he says he doesn’t.
We ask of any other “odd things” that have happened in the past – William mentions a time Ezra knocked a hole in the way accidentally and in the hole wall.  In the hole, a suspicious old and tattered scroll written in a weird language. William thinks its still in the library in the attic.
It’s also mentioned about some bones found under the floor boards of a servants room.  The bones may or may not have been animal bones.
It’s also mentioned that Myrtle Cason, a paternal grandmother, once told of an root cellar that was long ago sealed up after someone fell through a board.
When asked about other things, Esther says Edward, the grounds keeper, who fled without shoes.  William says when he tracked Edward down, Edward didn’t open his door, but spoke through it saying “he wants nothing, ever again, to do with ‘that Cason’ house”.
William also says Edward has since left town altogether.
Esther also mentions hearing about hearing noises and voices – in particular hearing the voice of someone praying and it sounded like the voice was coming from under the floorboards.
It seems Esther is the last servant of the house – all the others have also fled.
William also mentions a carving into a tree on the estate grounds Ezra saw once as a teenager it was a spiral with a weeping eye. He says it made Ezra felt “watched”. 
Going back to the noises, Anne mentions they started off as just a few knocks – like a broom falling and such. Now the noises have grown louder and voices coming through.
William also mentions a draft that keeps reappearing around the fireplace in the parlor – even though it looks perfectly sealed up.
The strange occurrence appear to be happening all over the house, not concentrated in one place.
At mentioning that he, Ezra, wanted to go up to the library to dig around, William mentions if he finds anything “Cross Hallow”, to not through it out. It seems Fidler’s Green was once known as Cross Hallow. The name was changed sometime around WW1.
Another piece of history William mentions is that Stillwater estate was build on an old 1700s revival site – where stories were told of “drowned folk being baptized and coming up ‘not right’”.
Nothing having much else to ask the Cason parents, we move on to exploring and investigating.
-- Session Ends Here -- 