-- Session Starts Here -- 
We pick back up at Stillwater estate.
We have finished questioning William and Ann (Ezra’s parents) and Esther (the housekeeper).
We make our way upstairs where the attic, study, and nursery are located.
Ezra makes his way to the study and starts looking through the vast amount of documents – trying to see what stands out to his academic mind.
While searching around Ezra finds a hidden compartment in the roll top desk. In the compartment he finds pages describing angelic transformation and references to “He Who Waits Beneath.” The pages describe a ritual of “Transfiguration by Tongue” used to fuse spirit and flesh. Reversing it could unmake the bond.
Ezra shows the pages to Bertie, who followed Ezra into the study, Bertie looking over the pages – can discern the paper is from the 1700 to 1800s.
The writing also seems to be in a man’s handwriting.
 Ezra calls his dad up to the study to question him about the pages and if there is a document that shows what Elias Par’s handwriting looks like – Ezra is think these pages were written by Elias.
William says he does have something along those lines – a painting and on the back is a handwritten note from Elias Par to the first family that moved into the Stillwater Estate.
 Bertie asks William what else, anything, he can remember about Elias Par.
William, thinking deeper, says he can recall a superstition or rumors of Elias suffered a tragedy – he lost his daughter.
After her death it seems Elias was rumored to have engaged in some sort of ritualistic acts with the daughter’s dead body.
Not finding much else in the study, Ezra and Bertie head to the nursery to look around.
Looking around, under a section of wallpaper, Bertie notices and feels a rough patch behind as portion of wallpaper.
Peeling the wallpaper back some, Bertie sees some deep scratches going down several layers of older wall including old wood paneling.
The scratches seem to be from a human.
The scratches appear to be about the height of a child, but how deep the scratches are, Bertie doesn’t think a child would be able to do those scratches – at least not without out some kind of tool.
Looking at the antique crib, Berties finds similar scratches, as those on the wall, underneath the crib.
When Ezra mentions to his dad that he, Ezra, wants to knock a hole into the wall to look behind the scratches – William says not to do it because they “just remolded the room”.
William says the remodeled because of the scratches – trying to hide the scratches that have appeared many times over the years.
William also confirms no damage has been done to the room’s wall since Ezra no longer stayed in the room.
Switching focus to Jordan, Asher, and Nico – they are speaking with Esther.
Esther clarifies the bones that were found underfloor boards – was actually in the pantry and that is years ago when Esther first started working there.
Esther also mentions it’s under the pantry floor where the root cellar had been sealed off.
Jordan goes to find Ann to get permission to possibly pull up the pantry floor to gain access to the sealed off root cellar.
As this is going on and time passes – an unsettling silence falls on the house.  We also hear a door creak open.
While Ann and Jordan are at the pantry, we can hear a knock coming up from under the floor.
Reluctantly Ann gives us the approval to pull up the linoleum and floor boards to get down to the cellar.
We enter a skill challenge to pull up the flooring.
After some good rolls, we are able to get the floorboards and gain access to the root cellar.
We all make our way down to the cellar.
We note it is dark, eerie, and ominous.
Looking around we see sigils and signs drawn/carved into the walls.
We also see iron nails hammered into a ring shape around a dark stone.
Looking closer, Ezra sees defaced Christian symbols on various surfaces.
Ezra notices the pattern mirrors the diagrams found upstairs. The nails and symbols mark a binding—from this you discern that a ritual banishment—using the heir’s blood, the true name, and the corrupted prayer done in reverse.
Bertie also notices a smell – particularly a smell that is associated with spectral energy.
Looking closer, Ezra does see some writing on a scrape of paper on the stone.  The seems to be in Vellum … he can’t make out fully what it says, because it is mostly burned, but he can clearly see “Transfiguration by Tongue.”
As we stand and discuss what we are seeing, we start to feel the floor hum and move. We can feel an “alive” sensation filling the air. We can feel a cold breeze start to rush in – blowing the scrap of paper out of Ezra’s hand.
We start to hear a voice praying – in broken segments. By the tone it is almost like half pleading and half warning, but we can’t make out what the voice is saying.
Cross-referencing the fragments of paper Ezra has found and the symbols down here – Ezra is able to discern it was a binding spell being done.  He also able to discern how to reconstruct the banishment rite.
Ezra says knows we need a defaced bible, the blood of a Stillwater heir, and the “true name” spoken aloud. The “true name” of the person referenced the old papers found in the desk (“He Who Waits Beneath”).
Ezra remembers that his father says the phrase “He Who Waits Beneath” was actually a bad translation of an old Indian name. So Ezra asks his Mom, who is a professor of anthropology, she might know what the “true name” is.
She says she doesn’t but believes William has several old sermon docs from Elias Par that most likely have the name in there.
Sure enough, Ezra, following his father back to the study is given several binders of Elias’ sermons.  Decoding fragments of Parr’s sermons reveals the true name Sulemazoth, used in his invocations. The name Sulemazoth is circled repeatedly.
Now having the “True Name”, Ezra rushes back downstairs now having enough knowledge to start the banishment ritual.
Ezra pieces together Sulemazoth is a hybrid of Parr’s soul and a local, ancient spirit....or something to that effect.
It seems Sulemazoth is the transformed and corrupted spirit of Reverend Elias Parr, a 19th-century revivalist whose grief over his daughter’s death led him to attempt divine communion. His ritual, Transfiguration by Tongue, fused his mortal soul with a primordial land-spirit known as Sulemazoth. The ritual bound their merged essence to the soil beneath Stillwater Estate—formerly Cross Hollow—where it has slept for generations. The disturbances are its awakening pulse, seeking a vessel to rise again and resume its preaching to the living.
We enter a Skill Test for the Banishment Ritual.
After some close rolls, fortune spent, and some physical harm done as Solemazoth appears as an apparition and trying to stop us – we are able to banish Solemazoth.
This ends Whispers at Stillwater.
-- Session Ends Here -- 