-- Session Ends Here -- 
Start date in game: Jan 5, 1999
We have been home for about a month and Katja Krew (our handler) enters our office about a new job in Wilkes County, North Carolina.
A pair of hikers have turned up dead under circumstances the locals can’t explain, and Sheriff DuBose has asked for outside help.
Sheriff Karen DuBose has asked for our help because we have developed a reputation of handling situations like this without raising much fuss or media attention.
Katja says the hikers have advanced/accelerated decomposition that can’t be explained.
Ezra does a quick research to see what popular or common mountain folklore, paranormal lore, or occult activity exists in the area, but he doesn’t really find anything.
Not having much else to work with – we head off to North Carolina.
We arrive on scene and are greeted by Sheriff DuBose.
Sheriff DuBose assures us the hikers were alive just two days ago, but looking at the dead bodies, they look like they have been dead for quite some time – they are nearly skeletons.
DuBose says she knows the campers were alive two days ago because many of the other hikers and campers saw them.
Looking at the bodies, we can see the clothes still look fairly newish – only the bodies are aged and decomposed.
We can tell it’s a man and a woman. DuBose says their names are Edgar and Marget. A couple from Maryland.
There are no signs of tracks really leaving the site area.
Nico steps up to the bodies and is able to determine the deaths occurred within the last 48 hours.
Looking around the campsite, Bertie notices a field notebook. Looking at a page that is bookmarked – the only thing that is legible on the page is three words “the ground breathes”.
Looking some more, Bertie notices some interesting mycelial growth that seems out of place and takes a sample.
DuBose also mentions some hikers have been complaining about headaches lately and something in the air (i.e. spores) – but she chalks it up to heat stroke or hikers not properly hydrating.
Asher also notices a rather large knoll near the area as well with squishy looking ground.
Looking near the knoll, Bertie finds a piece of ground with a hole in it that is venting out some funky smell and sees footprints around it. 
-- Session Ends Here -- 