-- Session Starts Here -- 
We pick back up at the knoll – descending the hole.
Ezra and Nico stay up top, but Jordan, Bertie, and Asher head down the hole.
After some quick looking about, the trio doesn’t fine much – just a bunch of fungus.
The hole does eventually start to collapse, and Jordan, Bertie, and Asher make their way out through another entry and meet back up with Nico and Ezra.
We head back to the town, Echo Hills, to discuss what we know so far.
Still covered in dirt and fungus spores, Bertie does take a sample of the fungus to examine it.
Bertie also notices how/what he perceives the samples with his eyes doesn’t match with how/what he perceives under a microscope. Under the microscope, he sees the sample isn’t fungal, but wood; whilst looking with just his eyes – it clearly looks fungal.
Ezra heads off to the Sheriff’s office to search through records to see if he can find similar cases or trends to what is happening with the hikers.
Ezra finds the case file peculiar because they seem to be similar and copies of copies, but with dates changed.
One piece that does catch Ezra’s eye – in one of the files, Ezra finds an academic paper, written in his own handwriting, and the paper is dated 5 years in the future.
Meanwhile, Asher, who walked over to a nearby gas station to clean up, notices the same car pass him several times – playing the song “Achy Breaky Heart”. He also saw one of the gas pumps shift shape into a fungal stalk, then snapped quickly back.  He also heard a near by military style radio calling his name.  
Nico heads over to the medical examiner’s office to take a close look at the bodies of the hikers, he is particularly disturbed by some things that he is seeing – in particular – he finds a copy of his own autopsy report.  
Jordan heads to our motel room to clean up, and whilst in the bathroom, notices a strong sense of bleach and the walls in the hotel appear to bulge in as if they were about to collapse.
Back to Ezra, the begins to feel a little nauseated, but finds the Sheriff helpful in Ezra’s research – but at one moment, Ezra notices the Sheriff’s face briefly melts into pale fungal flesh before resetting.
We all are clearly starting to experience issues – probably linked to the fungal spores.
Suddenly we all seem to “wake up” – Bertie, Jordan, and Asher still down in the fungal hole. Nico and Ezra up top.
Bertie, Jordan, and Asher are all entangled/trapped in fungal roots and dirt. They saw many more bodies and skeletons.
When Berti, Jordan, and Asher free themselves and climb back up – we suddenly find ourselves back in the glade.
The glade appears completely changed – the hole is gone. The sheriff’s cruiser it gone. The crime scene tape, etc is all gone. It’s as if no one has been there in a long time – and none of what we just witnessed had occurred.
This leaves us all perplexed – do we really report what we have just witnessed or keep it quiet.
We head home and this ends the “False Light” investigation.
-- Session Ends Here -- 