-- Session Starts Here -- 
    As we arrive back to the C.U.R.S.E.D. office, from our Argencorp assignment, Katja is there waiting for us.
    Seems she has another assignment for us already. 
    It’s in Groveton, PA. Local FBI Special Dick Tubbs, will be our point of contact.
    Seems in the rural town of Groveton, 3 murders have occurred and the FBI has asked for us to come in to help solve the murders – as quiet as possible.
    On the 3 hour trip up to Groveton, Jordan shares her background story of how her ex-FBI partner went missing in Groveton.
    It seems whilst Jordan and her partner, Ethan Cole, were working a drug smuggling ring in Groveton, Elliot went missing.  The FBI swooped in and kept everything hush hush – leaving Jordan unsure if her partner really died like the official FBI report claims.
    The road trip is uneventful and we roll into Groveton.
    We arrive at the local courthouse where Agent Tubbs greets us.
    He immediately starts filling us in on the victims.
    1)      Danial Hargrove:
    Age: 42-year-old male.
    Occupation: Auto body technician.
    Status: Lifelong local
    Criminal Record: None
    Notes: Last seen leaving work after closing. Seen by employer.
    2)      Lisa Petrelli:
    Age: 35
    Residence: Groveton, NJ
    Occupation: Waitress (Groveton Diner)
    Status: Lived in town 8 years
    Criminal Record: None
    Notes: Failed to report for scheduled shift. Vehicle later found parked at residence.
    3)      Tom Kessler:
    Age: 58
    Residence: Rural Groveton outskirts
    Occupation: Part-time groundskeeper
    Status: Local property caretaker
    Criminal Record: Minor DUI (1989)
    Notes: Reported missing by neighbor after several days without contact.
    Tubbs gives us a general layout on a map of where the bodies were found, etc.
    Tubbs also says all three died from blunt force trauma.
    Tubbs says there has been no clear connection between the three victims – other than they are all Groveton residents.
    But other than that – no killer/connection profile has been able to be fleshed out.
    He says we have access to all the file info, etc, but nothing can leave Groveton without his consent.
    While talking to Tubbs, Jordan asks why Tubbs request us to come help with the case.
    Tubbs says that basically because, while looking at other murder cases in Groveton to find connections/similarities, he noted the case of Ethan Cole, Jordan’s old partner.
    Going off the official report – that Ethan died, though not by blunt force, he was the last murder case to have happened in Groveton.
    Looking at the medical records, Nico can see that all three victims bleed to death from their injuries – though what weapon caused the blunt force trauma wasn’t determinable.
    We also learn the bodies were recovered along roadsides – but that they were dumping sites, not the sites of the murders themselves.
     Whilst Nico is looking over the medical records, Jordan talks to Tubbs more about Ethan’s case.
    Tubbs admits he doesn’t think Ethan is dead, but abducted.
    Tubbs pulls Jordan to the side and leans in to whisper to Jordan.  Seems a man, matching Ethan’s description, was been seen out on the backroads, near where the bodies were found.
    While we are all talking about the facts – Tubbs brings
    While the others head off to the latest body dump site – of Tom Kessler – Ezra stays at the courthouse digging around records trying to find trends and connections.
    He finds land records showing the Whitlock family having ownership of contiguous rural property spanning all three body dump sites.
    Also while researching, Ezra has an Ah-ha moment - historical accounts and records describe Whitlock deformities and unusual longevity across generations. He also recalled a comment Tubbs made – something about a Groveton resident having a strange personal encounter.  Ezra knows this is a lead worth following up on with the witness.
    Calling Tubbs, Tubbs tells Ezra the man who had the strange encounter was Daryl, the cook over at the local diner.
    At this point, Ezra heads off to the local diner to start talking with locals.
    Back to the rest of the crew, now at the site of the body, they start to search around the crime scene.
    Asher happens upon some tracks and starts to follow them.  The tracks lead off from the site, into the woods, up toward an old, dilapidated shed.
    Asher finds traces of blood.
    This triggers a flash back for Jordan – the warehouse she and Ethan were end where his “death” occurred.
    Shaking the memory off for now – Jordan the rest push forward. 
    Donovan has Titan, his dog, start sniffing the trail – and Titan takes off further into the woods.
    Back to Ezra, now at the diner.
    Ezra asks to speak to Daryl.
    Giving Daryl a little and as high level info as possible, Ezra asks Daryl to retell about the strange encounter he had.
    Ezra perceives – it’s not so much the story itself that Daryl retells, but more that Daryl's second-hand observations of the "unusual person" match the description of Jordan's former partner, “Ethan.” Though the person’s affect seemed quite different than how Jordan has described Ethan.
    Back to the others, they continue to follow Titan, the team sees another set of fresh foot and wheel barrel tracks crossing the ones they are following.  These tracks lead off to the distance.
    They see off in the distance a property. The air takes a coppery smell.
    Giving pause to the eerie sight – the team decide to head back to the car and call Ezra to meet them out at the shed.
    Ezra gets Tubbs to drive him out there and the crew gather together again.
    Ezra fills the team in on what Daryl had to say about “Ethan”.  Both Jordan and Asher, who served with Ethan in the Gulf War, both agreed the personality and emotions (the affect) that Daryl described does not line up with the Ethan they know.
    The crew head to the farmhouse – which we know is the Whitlock farmhouse.
    We began dangerous exploration around the house.
    As we make our way around the house, Donovan passes in front of a window – just as the curtains are pulled back and he sees a disfigured individual staring at him!
    We enter into combat.
    No fighting really occurs as we all keep creeping around the building as the occupants move about inside yelling back and forth to each other.
    We can hear them speak in an old timey, archaic KJV speech pattern.
    We eventually get ourselves set up in positions to shoot the occupants as soon as they exit the building.
    -- Session Ends Here -- 