-- Session Starts Here -- 
We pick back up outside the farmhouse waiting for the occupants to step out.
We are straight back to a combat situation.
In the opening rounds of fighting outside the farmhouse, we are able to put down 4 of the Whitlocks, but some of the group see shadows moving past windows on the second floor and hear voices.
Ezra and Jordan enter into the house from the backdoor and Nico, Donovan, and Asher all go in through the front door.
In the back room off the pantry, Ezra and Jordan see a large occultic drawing on the floor.
Ezra can’t make out what all the archaic says, but he does pick up a phrase about “… transferring ‘something’ from person to person”.
We all continue dangerous exploration.
On the second floor, Asher finds a room full of small cages, with pad locks. Not really set up for animals, more like for people – and smatterings of blood around the room.
While upstairs exploring, Asher and Donovan run into some more Whitlocks.
Nico notices, clearly, one is waying a “flesh mask” of his old military pal Ethan.
After a few of the “dead” Whitlocks appeared to have gotten a second wind and “came alive” again – combat continues.
Note though – the one wearing the Ethan mask, is only incapacitated.
Finally, seemingly having put the Whitlock boys down for good, combat ends.
We look around the house so more and in one bedroom we find a very deformed (severe birth defects due to heavy inbreeding) Agnes Whitlock – apparent mother to the Whitlock boys we just fought.
We also find a sanctuary room off the bedroom.  Ezra can tell it’s some sort of shrine the Whitlocks have constructed to honor their story and family.
As we are discussing what to do next, we see some car lights pulling up outsides – assuming it’s the police finally arriving.
Jordan starts taking a closer look at the Ethan masked man.
With having more time now to take a longer look, Ezra heads back down stairs to look at the occult symbol, but as he passes by hallway near the stairs, a false wall catches Ezra’s eye.
He hollers back up for some backup, and Nico comes down.
Ezra and Nico open the false wall and descend the stairs.  They find a locked door at the bottom of the stairs.
Nico picks the lock and as we enter into the room, Ezra and Nico quickly see some ritual runes on the floor.
Ezra immediately knows it’s a Vitality Transfer ritual pattern. Knowing what Ezra knows about the ritual posits Whitlock family had been abducting people, maybe outsiders, and draining their blood and vitality in rites performed on their land to sustain their lineage.
Ezra knows for sure then, Ethan Cole was killed in the same process, and thus why Edmund Whitlock now uses Ethan’s “likeness” to move in Groveton.
As Ezra explains this all to Nico, Nico notices another false wall in the corner of the room.
Nico approaches it and pushes it open. Inside he finds a lot of bones – human bones.
Ezra and Nico agree this is now a matter for the FBI and opt to head back up to the rest of the group.
As we meet back up, FBI Agent Tubbs is on the scene.
We give Tubbs just enough info about the Whitlocks – they were a crazy, severely inbred family.  They committed murders probably due to their mentally diminished abilities. Essentially we don’t tell them about the Vitality ritual and the Whitlocks transferring that vitality to themselves to live longer.
With this, we had off the scene to Tubbs and head back to HQ.
-- Session Ends Here -- 